Grammar
Write three paragraphs about thunderstorms.

Look for:

spelling
punctuation
repetition
sentence flow

Score:

1-10


A thunderstorm may be a large, flashy building, but it is usually not severe enough to cause serious damage. A thunderstorm can have many characteristics and is difficult to identify because of its size. It is characterized by a strong updraft that makes it appear almost black. However, the thunderstorm's strength varies from one region to another. For example, a storm with more than 10 inches (11 cm) in diameter may cause damage at a height of 10 feet (2 meters).
A thunderstorm is typically classified as a "flame" because it can last for many hours or even weeks without damaging other structures, but most of the time there will be a brief period of thunderstorm activity. The following table provides information about thunderstorms in the United States:
|Wind||Rust||Fog||Wind||Wind||Wind||Wind||Wind||Wind||Wind||Wind||Wind|
|1||A thunderstorm is an explosive event that can cause sudden death and damage to structures or people. The most common type of lightning is a thunderstorm. If you have a lightning strike, it will destroy buildings, electrical infrastructure, bridges, roads, and bridges. A tornado also can cause a lot of damage to property, roads, and bridges. A tornado generally strikes at least one of the following locations:
- A building (if any)
- An office or school building
- Your home
- A house
- Other structures
- Your home
The most common type of thunderstorm is an earthquake. It can cause the destruction of buildings, roads, bridges, and many other structures. If you have a tsunami in your home, it may cause damage at least some days after you were hit. A large tsunami may cause widespread damage to buildings or people, including a building's structure and possibly even an entire building.
Many homeowners who live in California, Oregon, and Washington state know that the most common types of thunderstorms are thunderstorms. The most common types are the most powerful thunderstorms. The most common type of thunderstorms are the most destructive and powerful thunderstorms. The most common types of thunderstorms are the strongest thunderstorms. They can cause severe damage to buildings or people, including building structures, roads, bridges, and many other structures.
The most commonly affected types of thunderstorms include the severest thunderstorms. Severe thunderstorms typically start at the top of the atmosphere.
Single thunderstorms are a major concern in the United States and other countries around the world.
All hail storms that affect every day, such as a city or state, except those that affect all regions, or you or cities.
If there is one type, then you are all types you may be the most, this way of hail, we are.
The amount of type. A lot are a lot the most kinds of that are.